+++
title =  "Reflection on 1st unit"
date =  "2026-03-17"
draft =  false
+++
When I was introduced to this course I was the happiest person since I wanted to learn and explore more. In the beginning I learnt how to synthesize the information and filter it for particular work. I got to know that this course is a little challenging but the instructor helped in the understanding to achieve the course requirement. Further I was introduced to Zettler on which we were asked to work on. Afterwards I got to know about GitHud.  Essentially I was totally new and unknown to the topic GitHub and didn’t know much about the developers who share their work online. Further I got to know that GitHub is mainly used for storing code and collaborating on software projects, so writing a blog using GitHub was completely new and challenging for a student like me. In the beginning the interface was a little confusing and some of the words which made me uncomfortable were the repositories, commits, and branches. I was unsure how these concepts were connected to building a blog.To be honest, during the setting of the blog on GitHub some of the codes which were making me uncomfortable, through which I learnt about the platform and their function. The very first step which I did was to create a repository and added files to it. I also learned that writing blog posts can be done using Markdown, which is a simple way to format text. Initially, it was challenging to understand how to upload files and make the blog visible online. However, after following the instructions step by step, I realized that GitHub can automatically publish a website using GitHub Pages. Seeing the blog appear online for the first time was very satisfying.This opportunity gave me a sense of understanding how to fix the problem of coding and till now I get a little idea how to work on github. Even the process was a little challenging in the beginning but asking my peers and instructor who made my doubts clear and helped  me out.
